Description of the HTML Code:
This HTML file creates a Student Registration Form. Here's what it includes:
The document uses the <!DOCTYPE html> declaration and is set to English (lang="en").
It links to an external CSS file for styling: student_form.css.
The page contains a heading: "Student Registration Form".
Two identical forms are present (likely a duplication by mistake):
Each form includes three input fields:
Name: Text input, allows only letters and spaces.
Email: Email input, with built-in email format validation.
Age: Number input, restricted to values between 1 and 99.
Two buttons:
Register: Submits the form.
Reset: Clears the form fields.
A JavaScript file (script.js) is linked at the end to handle any form logic.


Description of the CSS Code:
This CSS defines the styling for the <form> and <body> elements in your HTML page.
form { ... }
This block styles the form:
background-color: rgb(55, 185, 146);
Sets the form's background to a greenish-teal shade.
color: rgb(248, 13, 13);
Sets the text color inside the form to bright red.
width: 200px;
The form's width is fixed to 200 pixels.
height: 300px;
The form’s height is fixed to 300 pixels.
border: 15px solid black;
Adds a thick (15px), solid black border around the form.
border-radius: 10px;
Rounds the corners of the form for a smooth appearance.
padding: 30px;
Adds 30 pixels of space inside the form (between the border and content).
margin: 10px 80px;
Adds vertical margin of 10px (top and bottom) and horizontal margin of 80px (left and right), spacing it away from nearby elements.
display: flex;
Uses Flexbox layout for arranging internal form elements.
flex-direction: column;
Aligns the form elements (like labels and inputs) vertically.
justify-content: center;
Centers the form content vertically inside the form.
body { ... }
This block styles the overall page body:
display: flex;
Enables Flexbox layout for the whole page.
flex-direction: column;
Makes all direct children of the <body> (like headings and forms) stack vertically.
